welcome to the man of recaps we're
talking daredevil season 1 daredevil is
a blind superhero he was in a car
accident as a kid but the toxic
chemicals gave him super other senses so
he can hear well enough to see a lot
like a bat unfortunately Batman was
taken so here we are by day he's Matt
Murdock attorney-at-law because justice
is blind get it he's got his best friend
and partner foggy Nelson who's his goofy
sidekick one day Karen Paige wakes up in
her apartment covered in this guy's
blood with a knife in her hand pretty
open-and-shut case but Nelson and
Murdock go to check it out and she's
like I have no idea I think I was
drugged and I'm being set up and because
he's got super-hearing he knows that
she's telling the truth so they take the
case she was working for this big
company called Union allied and she
accidentally discovered evidence that
they were doing crime and stuff so
that's why she thinks they're trying to
kill her she goes to stay at Matt's
apartment for a while and just changes
right in front of him you know one of
the perks of being blind but not really
blind that night she sneaks back to her
apartment to grab the USB drive that she
had with all the data on it but a guy's
there to try to kill her oh no Leslie
daredevil shows up and he's like boom
BAM kick him and punch him the fight
spills out onto the street and then
general kicks this guy in the face I
leaves him on City Hall with the
evidence so boom it's in the paper
scandal expose good guys win and Karen
like gets a job there has to Nelson
Murdoch's assistant cool but the bad
guys aren't gonna roll over that he's
lead as a whole gang of them there's the
two Russian brothers and there's the
white accountant guy and there's the old
Chinese lady and then there's the
mysterious Japanese dude and then the
suit guy comes up he's like hey I
represent the boss of all of you but
he's too cool to come so this is the big
shadowy crime boss Wilson Fisk he just
met this hot art dealer Vanessa he takes
her out on a first date
he's got this funny way of talking he's
like New York he's my home then I'll do
anything to save it daredevil is
continuing to interrupt the Russians
business so their date is interrupted by
one of the Russian brothers comes he's
like hey we need help taking down the
man in black and Vanessa is like wait
are you some sort of mob boss and he's
like yes I am and she's like okay no
first kiss for you that makes him super
pissed so he takes it out on the Russian
brother and bashes his head with his car
yes and he's the reserved businessman
tight but he's also the brutally violent
type - Vanessa comes back for a second
date with Fisk who's reserved the entire
restaurant for them he's like does it
bother you that I'm a crime boss and
she's like I don't know not really so
they are love so the Russians are
gearing up for war but first they get a
delivery from this blind heroine
delivery guy
madame gauss thing she's the old chinese
woman and fisk talked with her to help
her take down the russians so this blind
delivery guy is actually carrying a bomb
boom exploded and they do it all across
the city at the same time so they just
wiped out the Russians the Russian
brothers survived though but daredevil
finds him and they have a little fight
until the cops come daredevil surrenders
but then the cops are working for fists
they're gonna kill the Russians that
never will have to fight the cops to
save the Russian gangster he takes it to
this warehouse but pretty soon the cops
have him surrounded and Fisk gives the
order to start sniping cops starting
with the dirty one because he's a
liability now and with the footage of
him beating up cops this whole thing and
the explosions get blamed on the devil
of Hell's Kitchen then the dirty cop
regains consciousness and fist goes to
his old partner and best friend is like
hey are you the type of person that
would kill your partner and best friend
for a bunch of money and he's like I
guess I am so he goes to visit his
partner and brings him the meatball sub
of death he injects him with it but just
then daredevil comes up he's like look
you've already been injected you're
dying anyway just tell me everything you
know about fist so daredevil pays a
visit to Benton and he doesn't have any
proof to get Fisk arrested but he has
enough to write a good expose article
since he hates people saying his name
but just then fist goes off in live TV
and exposes himself he comes across as a
really good guy and he's like my name is
Wilson Fisk so the articles totally
pointless and daredevil is pissed
daredevil gets the accountants name from
the Russian and he pays him a visit but
he gets distracted by something and so
he gets tased what is it it's a blind
guy oh it's his old man sensei stick see
Matt's dad was a boxer and the gangsters
paid him to take a fall one day but he
didn't so they killed him and that was
dealing with all his super-hearing and
stuff it was very uncomfortable so stick
finds Minh he's also blind and he
teaches him how to hear well he also
teaches him how to fight with the old
like I'm just gonna hit you repeatedly
method so sticks like hey Matt I need
your help with something stick explains
it's part of an ancient shadow war
between good and evil that's like I
don't have time for this I'm dealing
with fists and sticks like you know what
you're right I'll be back next season
when this is the main plot Nelson and
Murdock have a new case it's this old
Spanish woman she's trying to be forced
out of her apartment by the landlord he
shutting off the power breaking the
walls and stuff so foggy goes down to
the landlord's attorney where his super
hot ex-girlfriend works and he's like
man I can't wait to go down on you I
mean I can't wait to take you down now
no booze main goal is to get the
apartment building that they're trying
to kick the old Spanish woman out of and
because you refused to sleep they have
her killed by a junkie they make it look
like a a mugging daredevil tracks down
the junkie he finds Madame Gao
mark heroin he gets the information out
of him goes to a warehouse where there's
nobody except Nobu dressed as a literal
ninja Daredevils like that's a little
cheesy don't you think but there's
nothing cheesy about no booth sharp
twirling weapon cuz he's all like boom
cut and who cut again and turtles get
all cut up and totally beaten but then
he managed to Fleck this in the light
and there was gasoline on the floor from
the barrels so boom he sparks him up and
they like Nobu burns alive ouch but
Justin Fisk shows up dead it was like
I'm gonna punch you in the face I'm
gonna kill you right now man but fist
he's like yo I am a big strong dude and
you're all cut up right now he tries to
cut fists but he's wearing like armor
suit what that's cool
anyway he beats up daredevil he's like
I'm done with him you guys just shoot
him but he manages to escape he makes it
back to his apartment where foggy
happens to be so foggy learns that his
best friend Matt is daredevil and after
this foggy becomes extremely annoying
because the only thing he ever says is
you should stop being daredevil because
it's dangerous and stuff meanwhile Fisk
is holding a big fundraiser he's not
like running for an office officially
but he's like clearly going to and so
vanessa has some champagne but people
start dying and it's like no the
champagne it was poisoned and I saw so
she managed to survive he gets to the
hospital but he's just like all super
sad luckily Vanessa makes a full
recovery but one day Fisk realizes the
account dude's been stealing some money
from him and he's like well I'm gonna
kill you for stealing money he's like
actually now I have an ace in my hole
the partner that you had killed the
other corrupt cop I have him locked away
somewhere and if I don't check in every
24 hours he goes public with all the
stuff on you so now that I'm untouchable
I may as well tell you I tried to kill
Vanessa that said that for this decides
to just kill him anyway and he's like
everyone go find that cop before he
reveals us
luckily Matt uses super green to hear
that so when he got him down at the
warehouse all the cops show up daredevil
shows up to beats up the corrupt cops
and he's like hey you're coming with me
you're gonna turn yourself in and spill
all the beans on Fisk so he does that
gets all the corrupt cops arrested and
they're coming for a fist - but he last
minute proposed it to Vanessa and she's
like yes I do so as they take him to
jail
she goes off on a helicopter to
who-knows-where so Fisk is going to jail
and the good guys won the end just
kidding actually physics convoy gets
stopped by a paramilitary group that he
hired and they kill all the cops and
bust him out of there jumping back a bit
after his fight with Nobu daredevil was
all cut up so luckily he's found by
Claire temple she's a nurse she takes
him up to her apartment to fix him up a
bit and she's like look this was a
one-time thing he's like actually you're
gonna be a main character in this series
this is your life now he decided he
needs to get some of that armor
he finds his armored suit guy and he's
like turns out he's only working for him
because he's got his girlfriend
kidnapped or whatever so he's like look
I'll save her if you make me a super
suit so daredevil comes in boom crashes
the truck fist comes out and he's like
yeah how do you like me now I got an
awesome super suit with like devil horns
and stuff so these do have their final
fistfight in the alley and at the end
Fisk is like you can't kill me because
you do good guy with your Christian
guilt and tear Devils like ah I don't
know I might have to be the devil but he
just punches him really hard and Fist
survives so he goes to jail and the good
guys won hooray he officially gets his
name daredevil and that's how season 1
comes to an end
it's daredevil season 2 by night
daredevil protects the innocent with his
fists and by day Matt Murdock protects
the innocent with his law degree Matt
goes to check on Fisk this season and
Fisk doesn't know that he's daredevil
but he still hates Matt Murdock for
being the uppity lawyer that helped put
him away Matt's like hey I know you're
still up to no good and if you don't
behave I'm gonna use my legal powers to
make sure that Vanessa can never come
back to the States
unfortunately Fisk is not wearing
handcuffs and matches his face in see he
had a whole thing with the rival gang
and he tricked the Punisher to help take
that guy out so now he runs the prison
that's the last we see of Fisk for a
while because daredevil get some new
problems but anyway Matt and Karen's
start making how well that's happening
so it's all happy until boom and
throwing knife Adam who is this it's
Elektra Electro's Matt's college
girlfriend they were super in love until
one day she caught the mobster who
killed Matt's dad and they beat him up
for a while and she's like yes now kill
him and he's like no I don't kill people
and she's like ill and broke up with him
she's like hey I'm in town fighting the
Yakuza hope you brought your super suit
so daredevil him Elektra beat up the
Yakuza together and she's like oh man I
love killing Matt and Electr I go to a
fancy Yakuza party they go up and they
find the secret ledger the ledger leads
them to the building from season one
that note wanted so badly he killed that
old Spanish lady after and what are they
doing with it they're digging a giant
hole what and then boom
ninjas attack like literal ninjas and
they're fighting in a lecture I gets cut
and then they're about to kill daredevil
- but who's coming in to save him stick
yeah the old blind man so they're
driving out of there being chased by a
horde of actual ninjas shooting at them
with bow and arrows sticks got a
crossbow I have no idea what genre we're
in anymore electors cut was poisoned but
stick heals her with the magic soup
remedy and Matt's like what is going on
here sticks like I told you last season
it's the ancient shadow war between
an evil they're called the hand and
Matt's like well I don't I don't want to
deal with this you're a crazy old man
here in swings by Matt's apartment to
see what's up and finds a hot chick in
his bed and a crazy old blind dude in
his living room she's like yeah I think
we're gonna break up he's like that
seems fair
daredevil goes to see the accountant
he's like I'm only working with them
because they have my son he leads them
to the place where there's like blood
people being drained of their blood into
this big tank thing what a ninja shows
up and he's got the sharp chain weapon
that Nobu had in season one and they
they have a good fight but he gets away
and it turns out it is no boudin I was
like you I saw you burn to death then
it's like nah son I'm good earlier
Elektra had a fight with stick she
decides to quit his group so he sends an
assassin to kill her cuz there's no
quitting but she when she comes up to
fight him so Matt busting there he's
like no don't kill stick she's like but
I really like killing but just then a
bunch of ninjas from the hands show up
and they manage to kidnap stick
daredevil track some other secret lair
he beats up a bunch of ninjas he frisk
you stick but just then Elektra shows up
she's like haha now I'm gonna kill stick
but just then know who shows up and he's
like haha I'm gonna bow down to you
Elektra you are a black sky and rightful
leader of the hand so black sky it's
like that kid from season one and
apparently they're from the hand and
they're killing machines that are born
every once in a while or something and
stick bound her and tried to make her
into a good guy but she's like oh no
it's my destiny to join the hand and
dude I was like yo you're a person you
can do whatever you want and she's like
no okay so they fight the hand together
but there's just like an infinite supply
of ninjas and Matt's like hey if we make
it out of this do you want to be my
girlfriend for real like Facebook
official and everything and she's like
yeah you're sweet that sucks your face
so they have their final showdown with
Nobu they're like kicking his butt but
then he kicks their butt and he's about
to kill daredevil but electric jumps in
front of the sword and takes a formal
self-sacrifice he's like electrode he
can't die she's like you know you're
right I can't I'm already on the cast
list for the defenders but she's dead
for now cetera deviled crabs Nobu with
his boomerang thumb shut thing and he
throws him up the roof he falls all the
way down he's definitely dead
JK he's fine he gets up but this time
stick is there he stabs him and he cuts
off his head that's how you actually
kill a guy Nelson and Murdock went out
of business by the way so foggy gets a
new high paying job with Jeri Hogarth
from Jessica Jones that's cool Matt goes
to Karen he's like what's up baby my
other girlfriend died so I'm single
again
also I'm daredevil what up and the boys
go to Elektra spear neural but grave
robbers oh the hand
took her and put her in there crazy
blood bath tubing what's gonna happen I
don't know find out in the defenders
this is the defenders so electric died
in daredevil season two but the hands
took her and put her in the weird
sarcophagus poured the blood in there
and boom she's back to life I guess
that's that's what they do the hand
wanted her because they believe she's
the black sky their legendary fighter
electro was a good fighter before but
now she's a goddess of death Sigourney's
character is Alexandra and she's the big
head honcho of the hand
she even bosses around Madame Gao now
it's Danny Rand the immortal iron fist
he and his girlfriend Colleen been
hunting down the hand anyway Danny
decides to ditch the kungfu and use his
billionaire powers to take down the hand
in the business world
unfortunately the Board of Directors are
all trained ninjas so they do some more
kungfu then Luke Cage busts in he's a
handy guy to have in a gunfight then
Jessica and daredevil show up to it's
time for a hallway fight yeah Elektra
shows up and beats up daredevil he's
like what a lunch her you're alive
but she doesn't remember anything she's
gonna kill him but all right this stops
her for now and the defenders have
assembled
I guess assembled is the Avengers thing
I guess the defenders just kind of like
meet up and hang out they hide out in a
Chinese restaurant swap backstories
become BFFs but then stick shows up to
be there mysterious grumpy old man
mentor Alexandra shows up right after
him she reveals that for the hands
nefarious plan they need the iron fist
alive a bunch of henchmen bust in they
have a big fight Matt finds a left
outside and it's like don't be evil baby
I love you and she like starts to
remember who she is so she disappears
now the hand leaders are freaked out
because they're used to being immortal
the blood stuff they used to resurrect
Elektra they call it the substance and
the thing is they're out the nefarious
plan is to use the iron fist to open
some sort of doorway that where there's
more of the substance
now that stick knows the hand needs the
iron fist he's like sorry kid but if the
hand needs you to save the world I'm
gonna kill you just then a lecture pops
in she fights stick and she kills him
all her father figure mentor of all
those years she beats up the rest of the
defenders and takes Danny to the hand
but then she's like I'm sick of taking
orders Oh stabs Alexander oh she's like
hey there are you guys I'm in charge now
Elektra takes to any deep underground
like hey punched this wall for me he's
like what no way I'm gonna punch you
instead but she grabs his hand puts it
into the wall and he's like oh I missed
a big time there turns out what's in
there is a literal dragon skeleton
Madame Gao explains yeah it's dragon
bones that's the substance that lets us
live forever and the stakes are raised
though because if they remove it
New York will crumble into dust the
defenders I've got picked up by the cops
missed he's like yo tell us what's going
on instead they decided to bust out of
there so they all put on their super
suits and go back to the hand
headquarters howleen grabbed all the
explosives from the evidence Locker so
she and Claire go to blow this building
up the rest of the defenders going down
where the entire hand army is waiting
for him so it's a big old fight scene
long story short the defenders win
they're going to escape but Daredevils
like no leave me behind I have to talk
to Elektra they fight for a bit then
he's like baby don't be evil I love you
and she's like but I like being evil but
I do love you too so these two start
making out just then the bomb explodes
so the whole building comes crashing
down
Elektra and daredevil get buried alive
together so the day is saved
mostly except daredevil died except
daredevil survived he was picked up by a
random group of nuns apparently and
that's how the defenders comes to an end
[Music]